this type of cord we need two
couples the couple that goes abroad
is the one that marks us
let's say the contour of the cord
and the couple in the interior
in this case the color now only
We work with white thread as not
there would be difference
the pins that I put distributed in
the different sections only is for
keep me in the position of
cutting
the movements as you see
and I turn it past only shot of the
bobbin threads from outside the
oranges I do not do anything with them that
only to keep them in their
site with the exteriors is with those who
I'm giving the shape to the cord
Now that I see that he wants to get up
a little bit the title in a row above
positioned him here but only for
keep a little in place
man this because it's now for the
shows but then when it comes to work
the distances tend to be shorter
It is a cord and very beautiful and easy to
realize that sometimes if at the beginning what
confused with a clear liquid plane
the writer looks like but has nothing
stay
Well, more or less that's how it looks like
you can form the wta
the exterior